lord enlightenment and her savior my
how are you afraid of god protect you from the belly
My years as a frightening and
always bring both blue and malignant
and there is life and my flesh
insulting the name of the game of winter and those of not
I can sheypa soul
already will be up in arms and the regiment will not be afraid
my heart
and what will become us back not gouache
I hope in a single questioning from the Lord I will exact
get rid of have a lady god all the days
the belly of my viewer and the beauty of the Lord
and visit the temple its saints
I have a campfire and population on my day of the zoom and
the Crimea and the secret to his village
stone lifted up
and today is all my chapter upon the enemies
my
rim and girlfriends of the villages of his victims
willing and you click on Vienna
sing and sing lord hear my lord
many eyes they also repent have mercy on me and
heard
now and whose heart will my Lord claim
to recover in the face of my face, Lord Bravery
I will collect
Do not turn your face from me and not
evade with anger he work
my assistant will
and do not abhor mene, and will not leave any god
my savior
like my father and my mother are left tormented
lord you nice
the law of the position of God in your way and
on we put anesthesia of administration and the enemy we them
for the sake of not betray less in the soul and narrowing
my
Jacob officers and witnesses not
more righteous and salda false to themselves by faith
see the good Lord on the land of the living
suffer gentlemen take courage food is attached
your heart and be patient and gentlemen